docs(fix): wording MTA-1561 (#202)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/prestashop-instantapp/index.mdx

<Message type="tip">

>  Bare Metal cloud instances need to be hard rebooted from the management console to configure the new rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Bare Metal servers need to be hard rebooted from the management console to configure the new rules.
```
